The COVID-19 digital dashboard is a service intended to display a no-nonsense take on COVID-19 case information in New Zealand. The website displays the information most COVID-19 application users would need without distracting the users with content heavy details.

The target audience for this dashboard is people who are interested in the growth of cases in New Zealand, which is broad and has skewed the design of the dashboard to compensate for this. Since this audience has people from most age groups with different technological backgrounds the dashboard is designed to be simple to use and has information that is easy to digest. The design process eliminated overlapping colours and uses white space to separate information nodes so that it is easy to differentiate the information displayed.

There are multiple other online sources for COVID-19 case statistics for New Zealand but they all display the same data in different ways, with navigations that may be difficult to use for non-English users (that is that New Zealand has multicultural societies). This website looks to simplify the process of digesting information over others, to be used briefly while still getting the information that the users would need from a dashboard like this.

The design is simplistic so that anyone may be able to read and digest the information as there is no target audience a simplistic approach caters to most end users. Graphs are shown in contrasting colours, a set of brighter colours on top of a dull background. Headers in the navigation make it clear which page the user is currently viewing to avoid confusion and use names so that users can immediately understand what the section is about.

The service uses an open source for COVID-19 information in New Zealand, which publishes its daily information at the end of each day for more accurate representations of data. The service uses a combination of HTML, CSS and JavaScript to display the COVID-19 case information in a readable format, without using any external libraries; so the service only relies on the source of its information to function properly, preventing any unwanted plug-ins or vulnerabilities.
